cp		Asteroid Mining Module
cp		Research Rate 240 RP
cp		Mining Production 12 tons
cp		Construction Rate 12 BP
cp		Shipbuilding Rate 560 BP
cp		Expand Civilian Economy by 20%
cp		Underground Excavation
ew		10cm Meson Focal Size
ew		Meson Focusing Technology 1
ew		12cm Meson Focal Size
ew		Meson Focusing Technology 2
sf		Beam Fire Control Range 32,000 km
sf		Beam Fire Control Range 40,000 km
sf		Beam Fire Control Range 48,000 km
sf		Active Grav Sensor Strength 28
sf		EM Sensor Sensitivity 18
sf		Planetary Sensor Strength 300
sf		Improved Geological Sensors
sf		Improved Gravitational Sensors
bg		Genome Sequence Research
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.0012 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.0015 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.002 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.0025 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.003 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.0035 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.004 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.0045 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.005 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.006 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.007 atm
bg		Terraforming Rate 0.008 atm
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity -15%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity +15%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity -30%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity +30%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity -45%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity +45%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity -60%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity +60%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity -75%
bg		Genome Sequence: Base Gravity +75%